rn-03-revisions-and-the-cloud.md, before:

# Reading notes for github

Github is useful for version control. It allows you to make changes periodically while simultaneously backing up the past versions through the **commit** action. 
These *snapshots* are instances of your file that you can go back and use if you encounter a problem in the future. This is extrememely useful in the event of a big accident or if the code breaks.

### Some useful commands

The ```git status command``` allows you to see the current status of the file. 
The life cycle of a file changes from Untracked ---> Unmodified ---> Modified ---> Staged

The cycles change by add, remove, edit, commmit, and stage file.

The fartherst cycle is called HEAD or the most current version that has been pushed.

### git remote Command
The git remote command allows you to view short names of all specified remote handles. 

I gathered the notes from reading [Git Tutorial: A Comprehensive Guide](https://blog.udemy.com/git-tutorial-a-comprehensive-guide/#7) by Jenny Choi 

[<-Back](README.md)

Commit message:

beefed up 3rd reading notes with some additional commands

rn-03-revisions-and-the-cloud.md, after:

# Reading notes for github

Github is useful for version control. It allows you to make changes periodically while simultaneously backing up the past versions through the **commit** action. 
These *snapshots* are instances of your file that you can go back and use if you encounter a problem in the future. This is extrememely useful in the event of a big accident or if the code breaks.

### Some useful commands

The ```git status command``` allows you to see the current status of the file. 
The life cycle of a file changes from Untracked ---> Unmodified ---> Modified ---> Staged

The cycles change by add, remove, edit, commmit, and stage file.

The fartherst cycle is called HEAD or the most current version that has been pushed.

Joel Says:

> Remember to read my notepads with the following commands.

>git clone (then link)

>git add (name of file) readies a file to be commited/saved

>git commit -m "message to commit"

>git push origin mai

### git remote Command
The git remote command allows you to view short names of all specified remote handles. 

I gathered the notes from reading [Git Tutorial: A Comprehensive Guide](https://blog.udemy.com/git-tutorial-a-comprehensive-guide/#7) by Jenny Choi 

[<-Back](README.md)
